Use @apidoc directive in supervision.md (#22904) (#30635)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/general/supervision.md

cleared out. If the supervisor decides that its other children or itself is not
affected by the corruption—e.g. because of conscious application of the error
kernel pattern—it is therefore best to restart the actor. This is carried out
by creating a new instance of the underlying @apidoc[Behavior] class and replacing

> the failed instance with the fresh one inside the child’s @apidoc[typed.ActorRef];

Reviewer: While we're here
```suggestion
the failed instance with the fresh one inside the child's @apidoc[typed.ActorRef];
```

the ability to do this is one of the reasons for encapsulating actors within
special references. The new actor then resumes processing its mailbox, meaning

> that the restart is not visible outside of the actor itself with the notable

Author: `DeathWatch` is a private trait.  I can't create the link. Am I wrong?
